I think most people, um, in general respond well to a servant leadership,
um, style, because it enables you to prove and to showcase that
you have been there too, and are willing thio do the same things that
you're asking them to dio I think when we're talking about executive
leadership, that becomes more difficult because ah, lot of people
look to those individuals as the strength of the organization and for
them toe to come down and to really get into the weeds is counterproductive.
But in general, I think a servant leader is somebody that
could be respected and, quite frankly, is someone that most people
want to follow.